Adds tinylog configuration to log injection for java (#20815)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/java.md

[1]: https://github.com/logstash/logstash-logback-encoder
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Tinylog" %}}

> Create a JSON writer configuration outputting to a file based on the [Tinylog docs][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a JSON writer configuration outputting to a file based on the [Tinylog documentation][1].
```

> The format goes in a `tinylog.properties` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following format in a `tinylog.properties` file:
```

</configuration>
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Tinylog" %}}

Create a writer configuration outputting to a file based on the [Tinylog docs][1]

> The format goes in a `tinylog.properties` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following format in a `tinylog.properties` file:
```
